Update some docs to FLINT v3 (#2318)
Nemocas/Nemo.jl: docs/src/developer/introduction.md

  required interfaces. These interfaces are documented in the AbstractAlgebra
  documentation.

Nemo itself is more or less just a wrapper of the C library FLINT, which provides highly optimised implementations of commonly used rings.

Each ring implemented in FLINT is wrapped in such a way as to
implement the interfaces described by AbstractAlgebra.

Most of the time an AbstractAlgebra implementation will work just as well
as using Nemo, but the latter will usually be faster, due to the extremely
performant C code (around half a million lines of it).

## Layout of files

Before FLINT v3, the content of FLINT was split into a number of separate libraries:

* FLINT : polynomials and matrices over Z, Q, Z/nZ, Qp, Fq
* Arb : polynomials, matrices and special functions over balls over R and C
* Antic : algebraic number field element arithmetic
* Calcium : exact real and complex numbers, including algebraic numbers

> Due to historical reasons, Nemo has a similar layout, with the `src` directory containing subdirectories `flint`, `arb`, `antic` and `calcium`. Each of these directories contains the wrappers for the relevant C libraries. The `test` directory is similarly organised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This historical fact is the reason why Nemo's `src` directory contains subdirectories `flint`, `arb`, `antic` and `calcium`. Each of these directories contains the wrappers for functionality that used to be in the C library its name indicates. The `test` directory is similarly organised.
```
